Hold on.
Isn't that the..
Hmm. We passed it
before, right?
Oh! That's so strange.
‐ I guess we're lost.
‐ Oh.
Hey, we went to the left last
time, didn't we?
[CERTAIN]
Huh?
[whimpering]
Wow. You sure are good
at getting scared.
Have you ever heard
the story about
this scary house that's
supposed to be around here?
‐ Huh? Scary house?
‐ Uh‐huh.
It says, if you go out of
a certain forest at night time
a mansion appears.
And if you go inside
that mansion
you'll have the scariest
experience of your life.
‐ Huh?
‐ I wanna go.
Hey, you'd better be joking
because I'm not going
in a place like that.
Yeah. I'd rather avoid it too
if at all possible.
‐ What?
‐ Ha‐ha‐ha
This time,
lets go to the right.
The Pokémon Center
is right past the forest.
[EXCITED]
Wait up!
Hey, don't leave me behind.
We've gotta stick together,
you know?
[thunder rumbling]
Uh‐oh! A mansion.
[lightning striking]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power is
at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Scary Hospitality."
NARRATOR
Continuing to Laverre City
our heroes have arrived
at a mysterious mansion
as though it had somehow
drawn them there.
‐ Serena, so that's it?
‐ Oh..
Huh? It can't be!
A‐and the lights are on.
Then that means someone's
gotta be living in there.
Huh, come on. It's just
a story and nothing else.
Imagine somebody actually
calling this the scary house.
Hey! That's no fair!
[COLD]
Huh? It's raining.
Talk about bad timing..
LON
'Good evening.'
Oh!
What are you doing out there
in that downpour?
Hi, there!
‐ Is this the scary house?
‐ Bonnie!
Scary house? Ah. I've heard
of it being called that before.
But it's just
an ordinary house.
Too bad.
It sounded like fun.
I told you so, didn't I?
Please, you're all going
to catch colds out there.
So, why don't you all come in?
‐ Thanks a lot.
‐ That's so nice.
‐ There we go.
‐ This is great.
[giggles]
Wow! It's so big.
You may use those
towels over there.
Thanks!
[laughs]
It's so fluffy.
[HAPPY]
You're right!
Thank you so much.
Here, feels good, doesn't it?
[HAPPY]
Strange. There are exactly
enough towels for us.
‐ Something wrong?
‐ Huh?
No, not at all!
This towel is just
so soft.
[chuckles]
Well, now,
my name is Lon.
I'd like to know what
all of your names are.
That is, if you wouldn't mind.
Sure. Ash is my name.
And this is my partner, Pikachu.
[HAPPY]
‐ I'm Serena.
‐ My name's Bonnie.
This is Dedenne.
[HAPPY]
And this is my brother.
I'm Clemont.
I'm so sorry you got wet.
How would you all
like a nice, hot dinner?
[EXCITED]
Awesome!
Looks delicious.
Looks yummy!
I'm so hungry.
The right number of meals, also.
It's as though
he knew we were coming.
[chomping]
This is great!
‐ So good!
[CONTENT]/[HAPPY]
Huh?
[RAVENOUS]
Ah, aren't you gonna
eat with us, Lon?
Oh, no. I've already eaten
my dinner, thank you.
Oh!
Wow, that was great.
[SATISFIED]
Thank you so much.
Not only are we out of the rain
but you've also given us
such a delicious dinner.
Of course. I'm happy to help.
I'm sure you'd do
the same for me.
Now, why don't we all have
a little after‐dinner tea?
‐ Alright.
‐ Sounds great. Yay!
Why don't you wait
in the living room?
Lon is such a nice person.
[AGREEMENT]
Calling this the scary house.
How silly is that?
You can't judge things
by the way they look.
[PROUD]
Still, we can't let our
guard down.
‐ Huh?
I don't think
you've been noticing
but there have been some
strange things going on.
Strange things?
[CURIOUS]
It looks like Lon is
the only person who lives here
in this old mansion.
CLEMONT So who got those
fluffy towels ready?
And who prepared
all that delicious food?
And don't you think
it's strange he had
the right number of
towels and plates?
It's as though he knew we were
coming before we even arrived
here in the first place.
Do you think?
Hmm.
Very strange.
‐ Right this way.
‐ Oh!
Your tea is ready.
Excuse me.
Do you have any idea
why people would
call this place
the scary house?
Actually, I do know
the reason for that.
‐ Huh?
‐ Ah!
‐ Uh..
‐ Ah?
To tell the truth
I also arrived at this
old house after losing my way.
LON
It was a cold, rainy evening.
[door creaking]
Excuse me?
Is anyone home?
LON The electricity didn't
appear to be working
but I had my own light.
So, exhausted,
I searched the dark house
finally arriving
in the kitchen.
Using my tiny flame,
I slowly searched
every inch of that room.
Suddenly, I found a man
hunched in the corner
sitting on the floor.
I tried to approach
and tell him I was lost and ask
if it would be okay if I spent
the night here out of the rain.
Then..
‐ Stay away!
‐ Hmm?
I'm not talking to you.
Huh?
LON Not to me? I asked if
somebody else was here.
Then the man responded
to me with this.
Don't you see them?
Huh?
The faceless men.
They're standing
right behind you.
[thunder rumbling]
[gasps]
[laughing]
[screams]
Hmm.
What do you think?
Huh? What do you mean,
what do we think?
That was just awfully scary.
Serena's right.
Okay then, what happened
after that?
Really? You're not even
scared a little, Bonnie?
‐ Nope.
‐ Oh, what do you know?
I was hoping to
entertain you all
with the scariest story
I could think of.
But I guess I failed. Sorry.
You see, I've told many
visitors scary stories
just like that one.
Those stories are the reason
this old mansion got to be known
as "the scary house."
Makes sense to me.
‐ Huh?
[screaming]
Oh! Whoa!
I assure you,
I'm not doing this.
[thuds]
Alright, who is?
Yay! A ghost! Hello?
Sounds paranormal to me.
Ah! This is not possible.
There's not a thing science
can't prove. Including this.
Then why don't you stop
acting so scared already?
[grunts]
That has nothing
to do with this!
[grunts]
Can science prove that?
I would be very grateful.
Huh?
[giggles]
Of course,
I guess that's my cue.
The future is now,
thanks to science.
CLEMONT
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
I invented this device
for precisely a situation
like the one we have here.
I call it,
my Mystery Watcher One.
CLEMONT 'It's a revolutionary
machine
that can detect and
monitor'
'unexplained mysterious
powers by utilizing'
'comprehensive sensing
technologies.'
Ah! Science is so amazing.
[AGREEMENT]
I suggest we search every room
starting with the second floor.
[device beeping]
What's up?
It hasn't detected
anything yet.
Maybe your machine
is broken.
[scoffs]
‐ Ah!
‐ What is it?
‐ Look.
‐ Huh?
BONNIE
'The moon is out.'
So big and pretty!
Yeah. Rain stopped.
I sure am glad.
[RELIEVED]
Huh?
[screaming]
Oh. My shadow.
Clemont. Use your machine.
Huh? Good idea.
[grunts]
‐ Clemont?
‐ It's detecting something.
Hey, what's happening?
It's suddenly getting
chilly in here.
[COLD]
It's over there.
[grunts]
[device beeping]
I am detecting something,
but what is it?
[screams]
What was that? What was that?
What was that?
[gasps]
Something's there, no doubt.
If my machine detects something
but we can't see it,
that means..
Huh?
Right. There are ghosts
living in this house.
And those ghosts are all
gathering around us right now!
[whimpering]
Me and my big mouth.
Hi there, ghosts.
I wanna be friends.
[floorboard creaks]
[gasps]
[creaking]
[whimpering]
ASH/SELENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Gastly.
[APPEARING]
[creaking]
[whimpering]
‐ Uh, Clemont?
‐ Yeah, right.
‐ Whoa!
‐ Oh!
Oh, ah! I knew it.
The ghosts are doing this.
[screams]
Clemont.
Maybe it's a poltergeist.
[screams]
This is a warning for me
to stop trying to
fight back with science.
[screams]
[groans]
Oh, no you don't.
Give back my brother's machine.
[gasps]
Bonnie!
Now you settle down
right this minute! Ah!
Thank you.
‐ Huh?
‐ Bonnie, are you alright?
[gasps]
[piano music]
The piano?
[screaming]
Maybe that piano playing
attracts even more
'of the ghosts who are
living in this mansion.'
[screams]
BONNIE 'They take away
lost boys and girls'
'who wander into
the scary house'
'and then
they disappear forever.'
[whimpering]
Me and my big mouth again.
[screaming]
Hey, Clemont? Something's
showing on the monitor.
Huh?
‐ Look at that.
‐ Ah!
What do you know.
[APPEARING]
POKEDEX
Gastly. The Gas Pokémon.
By enveloping larger
opponents with gas
Gastly is able to defeat them.
Haunter. The Gas Pokémon,
and the evolved form of Gastly.
Haunter can watch opponents
by hiding in walls
and slips through
anything in it's way.
Gengar. The Shadow Pokémon and
the evolved form of Haunter.
Gengar is happy
when it scares people
smiling wickedly in the dark.
So they were doing all this
stuff the whole time?
What do you think of their
hospitality?
That's what it is,
you see.
Hospitality?
LON 'Indeed, Gastly and the rest
think scaring'
unsuspecting guests
makes them feel at home.
[evil laughter]
[gasps]
So, does that mean
you're telling us you knew
they were here this
whole time?
Of course. Every one of them
is a good friend.
[whines] I wish you had
told us a bit sooner.
[ANNOYED]
Sooner?
If I had told you,
their hospitality
would have been
for nothing.
That's the reason this house
is called the scary house.
[AMUSED]
[laughs]
Just as I said.
Paranormal activities can be
proven otherwise with science.
[sighs]
I was so scared.
So, there aren't any more
scary things, right?
Right. I'm glad
you enjoyed the fun.
[laughing]
It sure had
a lot of realism.
I'll bet Bonnie wishes
it had been a ghost. Bonnie?
[CONFUSED]
Huh?
Where's Bonnie?
She was right here
just a minute ago..
Ah, maybe Gengar hid her.
Huh?
[CONFUSED]
They're saying
it wasn't them.
Maybe she's back
in the living room.
‐ Whoa!
‐ That was Ash!
Pikachu!
[panting]
Hey, Ash? Pikachu?
Suddenly they're gone.
They have to be
around here somewhere.
We've got to find them.
Ah! Huh?
Find anything?
Hmm.
‐ 'Huh?'
‐ Huh?
‐ Ah!
‐ Hey, Serena!
[pants]
[grunting]
LON
'What happened?'
She fell through the floor!
Through the floor? Huh?
Oh, no, no, no.
Hey, are you feeling
alright, Lon?
I'm thinking back.
About another way
to get downstairs.
Or something like that.
Another way?
Ah..
Down to the basement.
Right here.
We've got to go down there, too.
[groans]
Are you sure
you're feeling okay?
It's just, I feel like
I'm forgetting something.
I think it's better
if you wait here.
I'll find you. Promise.
Not scared. I'm not scared.
I'm not scared.
[gasps]
[SCARED]
That door.
It's sealed shut.
[SCARED]
But still, I've got to go.
Why are those tags stuck
all over the door?
ASH
'Is that you, Clemont?'
It's Ash.
BONNIE
'Clemont!'
Oh, Bonnie,
you're in there, too!
ASH
'Yeah. And Serena.'
We've been really trying
to get out of here
but the door is so rusted,
it wont budge.
Can you open it from your side?
[ENCOURAGING]
Stand by.
Let me see.
[grunting]
No. No good. Probably
been shut for a long time.
Wait, if it's rust,
then Frogadier's Frubbles
should do the trick.
You're right.
What a great idea.
ASH 'Frogadier,
I choose you.'
[APPEARING]
Frogadier, throw your
Frubbles onto the door.
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
Yes.
Now..
[grunting]
‐ You're alright.
‐ Big brother.
Oh. Were you scared?
Mm‐mm. I wasn't scared one bit.
I knew Bonnie was
gonna say that.
Were you scared?
Tell the truth.
Not me, because I had
a little sister to save.
[giggles]
[CURIOUS]
Huh?
[WORRIED]
Here we are.
[pants]
[giggles]
[HAPPY]
It's good to see you.
Glad you're safe.
The trap doors are all connected
to a room in the basement.
Through hidden chutes.
‐ The basement?
‐ Yeah.
The basement door had a bunch
of tags pasted onto it.
And we found this journal
in the basement.
You found a journal?
Please read it to me.
Sure.
Let's see.
"I was always afraid in this
house, so I asked my dad
"to make a room in the basement
that no one else could get into.
'A super‐secret room
just for me"'
That must be the room
we got stuck in.
"He even made me
a bunch of cool passageways
"so I could go to the room
from anywhere in the house
'right away when something
was scaring me."'
Those are the trap doors.
"But the scary things
kept happening
"so my dad finally
brought a medium
"who could drive away
the spirits of the house.
"Afterwards, he gave me
a bunch of banishing tags
to stick on my door."
So that's what all those
paper things were.
They were placed there
on the door for good luck.
"Even so, scary things
kept happening.
"So we're finally moving
out of here today.
This is my last day
in the house."
Huh?
I wonder if the writer
is this boy.
Hey. He kind of looks
like you, don't you think?
Oh!
Ah, right!
How could I have forgotten?
That is me.
[gasps]
What are you talking about?
Well..
I completely forgot about
that room and how I put up
all of those paper
good luck charms.
[SHOCKED]
Really.
LON 'So it was you, Gastly,
Haunter, and Gengar'
'behind all those incidents.'
[AMUSED]
Back then, all you wanted to do
was play and have a little fun.
And yet
my family thought it was
something completely different.
And so, we moved.
Of course.
It now seems so simple.
I apologize.
[HAPPY]
[chuckles]
Huh? Hey, look.
There's a date on
the back of this picture.
Huh?
Oh! That picture was taken
over 200 years ago.
[gasps]
[giggling]
It's all coming back to me now.
ASH/BONNIE/SERENA/CLEMENT
Huh?
Well, you see,
I'm not quite alive.
[screaming]
[snoring]
[grunting]
Hey. What's this?
Weren't we just in
the scary house?
And where's Lon?
‐ Huh?
‐ Uh!
And those three Pokémon?
Maybe you guys spend
so much time together
that now you have
the same dreams.
[CONFIDENT]
‐ Come on.
‐ Yeah, no way.
Was it a dream?
Hey, look,
the Pokémon Center.
Hurry, hurry.
[chuckles]
[HAPPY]
NARRATOR
And so, scary house history
repeats itself
again and again
as the journey continues.
[thunder rumbling]
[panting]
‐ Great time to get lost.
‐ And in a downpour.
What a bore.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
WOBBUFFET
[CONFUSED]/[STARTLED]
[door creaks]
‐ Good evening.
‐ Hmm?
What are you doing out
there in that downpour?
Please, you're all going to
catch colds out there.
So why don't you come in?
[evil laughter]
[thunder rumbling]
[screaming]